# 🚘 Car

Car specific properties

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Type</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">TCActive</mark></td><td>Simulated TC-activation</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">TCToggle</mark></td><td>TC turned on/off with toggle control (supported by some cars) OR by setting TC to a mode where it is off (supported by some cars).</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">SlipLF/RF/LR/RR</mark></td><td>Wheel is slipping. Only right/left sensitive, front and rear values are identical.</td><td>0 - 100</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">ABSToggle</mark></td><td>ABS turned on/off with toggle control (supported by some cars) OR by setting ABS to a mode where it is off (supported by some cars).</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">MapHigh</mark></td><td>Value of the engine mode that gives the most power</td><td>integer</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">MapLow</mark></td><td>Value of the engine mode that gives the least power</td><td>integer</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">HasTC</mark></td><td>Whether the car is equipped with traction control or not</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">HasABS</mark></td><td>Whether the car is equipped with ABS or not</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">HasDRS</mark></td><td>Whether the car has a DRS system or not</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">HasAntiStall</mark></td><td>Whether the car has anti-stall or not</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">HasOvertake</mark></td><td>Whether the car has an overtake system or not</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentFrontWing</td><td>Current setting for front wing angle, will update on pit stop</td><td>various</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentRearWing</td><td>Current setting for rear wing angle, will update on pit stop</td><td>various</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentTape</td><td>Current setting for tape, will update on pit stop</td><td>integer</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentPowersteer</td><td>Current setting for power steering, will update on pit stop</td><td>integer</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">ERSTarget</mark></td><td>Tracks/computes your actual current ERS setting for McLaren MP4-30, which only updates on lap change and resets on towing.</td><td>25/50/75</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">ERSCharges</mark></td><td>Tracks/computes your available charges for changing ERS setting in a Mercedes W12</td><td>0-4</td></tr><tr><td>P2PStatus</td><td>Whether P2P is active or not</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>P2PCount</td><td>How many P2P you have left in the race</td><td>0-10</td></tr><tr><td>OvertakeMode</td><td>If you're eligible to engage an overtake enhancement (DRS/P2P). Simply checks for throttle 100%, gear and engine running.</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>DRSState</td><td>None - Acquired - Ready - Open</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td>DRSCount</td><td>Relevant for FR3.5 races, number of remaining DRS uses.</td><td>integer</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">CenterDashType</mark></td><td>Sets the center dash type for this car in DahlDesign dashboard</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">MenuType</mark></td><td>Sets the 12-position menu type for this car in DahlDesign dashboard</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">AnimationType</mark></td><td>LED profile for DahlDesign DDU/SW1 for this car</td><td>string</td></tr></tbody></table>
