# 🖥 Dashboard settings

These properties reflect settings in the plugin menu

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Type</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>DashLEDEnabled</td><td>Using simulated LEDs instead of RPM bar. LEDs are the same as the revlights on the DahlDesign DDU, run by the LED plugin.</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>ShowMapEnabled</td><td>Map instead of gear in center box.</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>ShowBrakeThrottleGaugesEnabled</td><td>Frame of center box show throttle and brake inputs.</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>DashType</td><td>Current setting for center box graphic</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td>Dashboard.LeftScreen</td><td>Current left screen page</td><td>1-9</td></tr><tr><td>Dashboard.RightScreen</td><td>Current right screen page</td><td>1-8</td></tr><tr><td>Dashboard.DeltaScreen</td><td>Current delta screen page</td><td>1-5</td></tr><tr><td>LapInfoScreen</td><td>Show lap summary when starting new lap.</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>ShiftTimingAssist</td><td>Allow shift timing assist tools in the RPM bar outside of practice sessions.</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>ShiftWarning</td><td>RPM bar goes orange as a shift alert. Takes <code>reaction tim</code>e setting into account.</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>ARBswapped</td><td>ARB lever graphics in Supercars dash type is flipped.</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>ARBstiffForward</td><td>ARB lever graphics in Supercars dash type is reversed.</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>SmallFuelIncrement</td><td>Current selected fuel increment for small adjustments (with the PitMenu system).</td><td>integer</td></tr><tr><td>LargeFuelIncrement</td><td>Current selected fuel increment for large adjustments (with the PitMenu system).</td><td>integer</td></tr><tr><td>CoupleInCarToPit</td><td>Couples InCarMenu and PitMenu, meaning PitMenu is disabled untill InCarMenu is in position 12. This allows you to use the same buttons for <code>+</code>, <code>-</code> and <code>OK</code> for both.</td><td>boolean</td></tr></tbody></table>
