# 🎛 Dashboard control

These properties are used to control visibility of elements and animate the PitMenu and InCarMenu in Dashbaord. They all require a button/rotary switch to be assigned.&#x20;

If you're not using Dashboard, you can still use these button mappings and these properties to control visibility of elements in your own dashboard template.

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Type</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>LaunchScreen</td><td>Launch screen on/off</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>PitScreen</td><td>Pit screen on/off</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>PaceCheck</td><td>Pace screen on/off</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>TCOffTimer</td><td>Timer for deactivation of traction control on eligible cars (e.g. Ferrari 488 GT3, Porsche 919). Starts a 5 second timer, which is the actual duration that TC is inactive for these cars. This 5 second timer is not shown anywhere in iRacing, and telemetry is not available - so this is a workaround. Map the same button to TC toggle in iRacing.</td><td>Timespan</td></tr><tr><td>PitMenu</td><td>Current PitMenu position</td><td>1 - 12</td></tr><tr><td>InCarMenu</td><td>Current InCarMenu position</td><td>1 - 12</td></tr><tr><td>BitePointAdjust</td><td>On/Off bite point locking. Will show some graphics in the launch screen. Useful if you have a switch for software locking bite point potentiometer.</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>NoBoost</td><td>NoBoost active on Porsche 919, map to same button in iRacing and on plug-in page</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>Radio</td><td>Radio active/inactive. Map the button you use for push-to-talk to get some LED and Dashboard animation on radio call.</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>LEDWarnings</td><td>On/Off guide to LEDs warning lights for Dahl Design DDU. Currently not in use</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td>SpotterMode</td><td>On/off spotter mode. The idle screen will be removed when in spotter mode</td><td>boolean</td></tr></tbody></table>
