# 📊 Lap sectors

Sector telemetry is not availavle in iRacing, so the plugin has its own system for recording lap sectors.&#x20;

Sector times are based on splitting the track into 3 equally long segments, the same way CrewChief does it. I made it like this since I find having 3 sectors makes it easier to get hyped up and focused on sector times, rather than having 5 or 6 sectors to keep track of. It is also more in line with spectating pro racing. And if you're using CrewChief, your sector time feedback will now make sense.&#x20;

The system has gone through a fair bit of debugging, as there are plenty of scenarios that could make it crash. Also, some tracks have areas of the track (especially run-offs) where you find yourself teleporting from e.g. 36% track completion to 87% track completion, and then back to 36% when you're on the track again. This messes up sector registration. I have a system for excluding these parts of a track, but I first have to find them and map them. I've found a few, but if you go off track and suddenly set a new best sector time; please tell me about it and I can get it fixed.

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Type</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>CurrentSector</td><td>The track sector you're currently being timed for. If you enter sector 2 and reverse into sector 1, this will still show "2".</td><td>1-3</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentSector1Time</td><td>Will show the last sector 1 time unless you're past 10% of track completion and in sector 1, in that case it shows live sector time</td><td>timespan</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentSector2Time</td><td>Will show the last sector 2 time unless you're in sector 2, in that case it shows live sector time</td><td>timespan</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentSector3Time</td><td>Will show the last sector 3 time unless you're in sector 3, in that case it shows live sector time</td><td>timespan</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentSector(X)Status</td><td>Status on current sector. 1 - Valid lap, 2 - Invalid lap, 3 - Out lap, 4 - Black flag/will get deleted, 5 - In lap, 6 - Joker lap</td><td>1-6</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentSector(X)Delta</td><td>Comparison to session best sector.</td><td>seconds</td></tr><tr><td>SessionBestSector(X)</td><td>Best valid sector time this session</td><td>timespan</td></tr><tr><td>Sector(X)Pace</td><td>Dynamic estimation of race pace in this sector, adjusts to sudden changes in pace (damage, new tires) and excludes outlaps, inlaps and laps with time lost to crash/road-off</td><td>timespan</td></tr><tr><td>Sector(X)Score</td><td>Made for practice purpose. A score based on variation in sector times and incidents in this sector. 8 identical sector times in a row, all incident free is max score (10). Meaning; consistensy and few errors gives high score. </td><td>0-10</td></tr></tbody></table>
