# ⤴ Pit Exit

Properties based on pit stop duration, cgiving a forecast on positions lost and traffic on pit exit. For the most accurate prediction, both track and cas should be supported. If only car is supported, it should still be fairly accurate for almost all tracks (+/- 3 seconds).&#x20;

The **PitExitCar** properties are produced for the 14 closest cars (geographically closest on pit exit). The number doesn't mean anything, but the way these properties are used in Dashboard is to fill a timeline showing -10 to +10 seconds, placing the cars on this timeline. I figured 14 cars in the span of 20 seconds would suffice, except for oval racing.&#x20;

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Type</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><mark style="background-color:purple;">PitExitPosition</mark></td><td>Expected race position after pit stop</td><td>integer</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="background-color:purple;">PitExitCar(x)Name</mark></td><td>First three letters in surname in caps</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="background-color:purple;">PitExitCar(x)Gap</mark></td><td>The expected gap to you, negative = in front, positive = behind. Calculated from RealGap if you have good measurements for this car.</td><td>decimal</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="background-color:purple;">PitExitCar(x)Position</mark></td><td>The race position of this car after your pit stop, not current</td><td>integer</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="background-color:purple;">PitExitCar(x)ClassDifference</mark></td><td>Difference in class "levels". If you're in an MX5 racing against an LMP2, this would be "-4". If you're a GT4 racing against an MX5, it would be +1.</td><td>integer</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="background-color:purple;">PitExitCar(x)IsAhead</mark></td><td>Whether this car will be ahead of you or not (in terms of race results, not track position) when you exit pit. E.g. gap is negative and IsAhead is false -> blue flag</td><td>boolean</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="background-color:purple;">PitExitCar(x)IsFaster</mark></td><td>Whether this car has a better fastest lap time than you or not</td><td>boolean</td></tr></tbody></table>
